# ECE4502_DDPUF
Repository that will contain information regarding the final project for ECE 4502 at UVA. This project will focus on DD-PUF generation on FPGAs. 

## Objective and Motivation

## Introduction/Context of Project

## Implementation Details
1. DD-PUF generator block implementation

The DD-PUF generator block will consist of 128 DD-PUF bit cells. The DD-PUF bit cell is a RTL block written in Verilog. It takes in start and reset signals, and outputs a random 1 or 0 based on a race condition between two latches.
The DD-PUF generator will generate a 128-bit response, which will be passed to the SPI block. 

3. FSM Design

The FSM block will be a RTL block written in Verilog. It should have two outputs: start and reset. These outputs control the duration of the generate signal, or how long a logic high is set to the input of the DD-PUF generator.
Additionally, the FSM block has a single 32-bit input taken from the SPI block: _duration_.

3. SPI Interface

The SPI block has 4 connections that expose the SPI interface: MOSI, MISO, CS, and SCK. The block is connected to the SPI interface of the PS (?). The PS sends commands to the MISO pin of the SPI block.
The SPI block also has a 16-bit output that sets _duration_ of the generate signal.
Finally, the SPI block takes in the 128-bit response generated by the DD-PUF and outputs it through the MISO pin. 


## Actions that neeed to be completed:
1. DD-PUF bit cell design
  a. Create verilog block
  b. Connect to PS
  c. Do manual routing and test
2. 128-bit DD-PUF generator block design
  a. Connect 128 bit cells into a block
3. FSM design
  a. Create Verilog Block
4. SPI interface design
  a. Use Xilinx IP block for SPI interface
## References/Source Files: 

[Sala -- A Novel Ultra-Compact FPGA PUF: The DD-PUF](https://www.mdpi.com/2410-387X/5/3/23)
